Implementation of multiple periodic boundary conditions in DEM (#1983)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/insertion_info.rst

--------------------
List
--------------------

> The ``list`` insertion method insert particles at precise coordinates with specific velocities (translational and angular) and diameters.  This method is preferred for small number of particles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``list`` insertion method inserts particles at precise coordinates with specific velocities (translational and angular) and diameters.  This method is preferred for small numbers of particles.
```
